Right.
So the first set up we need to do is going to be the name of the session.
I'm going to use the word basic Just like right here on the route.
We have basic right here so I'm going to use that one.
OK just for a simple.
Just to tell you something simple.
So to give it a name to a success.
Yes as a transitional group we need to use transition and that's the first word we need to use transition.
And then we need to use the name keyboard.
It's going to be transitioning.
And this is going to be equal to a string.
It's just like using an ID or a class.
So since all I want to use basic I'm going to put basic.
All right.
So now what we want to do we want to activate an animation whenever a new element is added on this list.
I'm going to click an add element is going to add an element but we don't want that.
We want to animate that.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do and we need to know actually is that react.
It can work.
Works in steps just like we have the state of the lifecycle.
Well this is the same idea.
The first set up is the name then whenever an item is added on the list our list is going to be transition
enter.
That is the idea we need to use.
So I'm going to go right here.
And for the transition enter we need to do we need to create two settings we need to add two settings.
First one is going to be transition transition transition.
There you go and it's going to be enter.
That's the first keyword.
Whenever an element is entering on the screen we need to do the setup now right here instead of using
strings.
We're going to use curly braces and what we do right here.
We need to tell re-act that we want to use this transition Antar set up.
So instead of Fallston going to say true.
So re-act is going to know that we want to do a transition enter and it's going to activate this feature.
The second thing is that we need to set up is going to be a transition timeout.
So I'm going to say transition and then it's going to be enter again.
So we can make reference to the same ID but this time I'm going to add timeout.
All right.
So the time out we're going to need to wrap everything in Currall basis and the time out.
It's going to be the time that it's going to take react to use this transition answer.
So what we want to do.
I'm going to put just 500 milliseconds just to do something simple.
OK just let me open the right here I'm going to just reload the application and that's fine.
This is an error message but fix it in a few seconds.
I'm going to just open the browser just a little bit wider.
I'm going to go to elements now I'm going to inspect right here just the gentleman's.
And we're going to have just two items.
The one with the 99.
And then the 25 and I'm going to do at ELINT is going to add an element.
And can you see that it's kind of a flashing a class right here.
All right.
That is pretty much it.
Whenever we add an element we act is going to add these div..
And it's going to add a class to it.
And after 500 milliseconds is going to remove the class so we can create animations with classes.
I'm going to put five thousand.
So we can see that that ID right here go right here.
I'm going to click add elements and it's going to give us a class and I get the it's going to be basic
Dorsch Antar basic Dasch enter active again let's do it again.
So this is what we get.
So now with this what we can do we can make we can go to see assess and make make a reference to this.
OK let's let's do that.
Let me just show you.
I know can be confusing but don't worry you're going to get it.
So OK I'm going to go to the C Ss and right here I have just the tax for here the tax for everything.
So I'm going to.
First we need to set up the main the main class OK the of the default class.
So whenever the element entered the screen I went for that for the Alman to be in a kind of a darker
blue.
So OK.
So first we have the class that is going to be basic.
OK that was the name of the transition.
Since we're using an enter transition I'm going to do dash and re-act is going to just add this dash
enter then the other elements check it right here.
Going can have basic dash enter that it's that it's going to be added by react.
So since Is this the basic enter is going to be the main class to first class whenever an element is
entering.
I'm just going to set a default color size can be background and I'm going to add a hash tag.
And then 3 F 5 won b 5 just something like that.
Just like this is going to be just a darker blue.
OK.
Let's reload the application.
Just going to bring this down.
I'm going to add element and it's going to be with the darker blue.
Now after five seconds react is going to remove the class.
Let's do it again.
It's going to take five seconds and it's going to remove the class and this element is going to go back
to the original state.
Now what we want to do we want to react to it too instead of just doing this to animate that transition
between cars since we have the interactive we can use that.
So I'm going to use basic answer right here and we need to set up the animation.
So I'm going to say basic answer Dodd and I to make reference to that basic Antar active we have right
here can have basic Antar active so we can give some styling to that.
I'm going to say basic dosh answer dosh active OK.
And I want to be for the background to be of the same one than before it's going to be 2 1 9 6 EF 3.
That is the same car than this.
It's just the default color.
And since we want to animate everything.
I'm going to say transition and we're going to use CSSA musicians and I'm just going to animate all
I'm going to put 500 milliseconds and I get to say it's in
there we go over the page and this is going to take this transition is going to take 500 milliseconds.
The thing is that right here inside basic We have five thousand.
So we always need to make sure that we have the same time out.
OK so I'm going to do 500 if now you're going to it's going to work but you're going to have some errors.
So I'm going to add elements and again I just mess that up.
Can it remove this.
Let's do it again.
OK.
That's working.
It's giving us.
It's entering with the with the with a different color.
And then just removing the color and doing the transition when it's going back to the original color.
All right let's get.
So we have more options with CSSA transition group.
We have right now we just checked the transmission enter its back whenever an element it's entering
on screen.
We have more for example whenever the an annulment.
It's leaving the component we have that option too.
We're going to do it on the next section.